###### Date: 2022-01-14

# Key topics:

## What are the current issue(s)?
* Traffics arent optimized to external factors (human errors like accidents extreme surplus)
* Not optmised for foot traffic (no traffic why make someone wait 30 seconds to change light???)
* Cars idling creating more pollution
* Designed for drivers (every person should be equal except emergency vehicles)

## What's our goal?
* System of traffic lights that communicate to eachother and provide the end user (pedestrians and drivers) with the least amount of waiting time

## What is our final product/service?
* Retrainable/transferable model that optmizes traffic lights for an urban area (this includes unity simulation for visualization)

## What is our minimum viable product?
* Working model (for a specific city) and show traffic metric improvements (via text format)

## How to measure success?
* View the mean wait time of every person at specfic intersections

## What is the market product?
* Same as final product

## When will future meetings be held?
* 8:30 pm on Thursdays  weekly

## Reaching out to prof Branco?
* Greg reach out for her schedule and we will figure out time
  * Edit: Meetings are Bi-Weekly at 3pm starting January 25th 2022 https://uottawa-ca.zoom.us/j/91757809128?pwd=bWxTdythbWFhT2kxUFVQajZsMHZaZz09

# Our task for next week?
* Schedule meetings with Prof Branco
* Talk to professor lethbridge about finding someone at the city with exact knowledge of traffic light configurations

## Research topics:
## **ACTION**: Find one or two research papers and do a summary about it
* Traffic light configurations
* Existing traffic prediction models
* Find city specifc traffic data (not highway)
* Find more common issues with current traffic  in (Toronto or where we can find data)
* How we can use unity
