Meeting with professor Branco Jan 25th 2022,

First meeting with Professor Branco regarding Traffic Light AI application

# Key Topics:

## Professor stated she thinks the following are valid ideas:
* Focusing area of study to one point (such as one intersection)
* Collecting weather related data
* Including ttc cars (for Toronto) 

## Initial points brought up by professor:
* There is more to than just one intersection
* Changing one intersection greatly influences surrounding ones
* Start with one though is a good idea

## Suggestions as to how to evaluated model:
* Average wait time for each person
* Measure the average training time of model
* Measure average prediction time of model (Example: Naive models predict faster but could be not as good)
* The actual model size (these metrics give us perspective on all different models)


## Defining a clear goal
* Setting a baseline and improving on it 
	- Using more minor metrics (example: flow and average wait time) 

## Suggested plan for first four months 
1. Define experiment in one spot
2. 1st simulation with normal data (allows baseline metrics)
3. Another simulation with basic very basic/simple model (allows baseline metrics)
4. slowly improve model in every iteration

## Professor's opinion on feasability?
* Definintely feasible in 8 months
* Lots of tools available and prepared (start with those)
* We can go learn particular algorithms and combine different algorithms
* She does not expect that many issues from our goals and what we have been telling her
* We will have a good experience if we continue with this.

## Professor's possible roles in project:
* 2 terms winter and fall
* She is supposed to client
* Help with alternatives
* Propose solutions and advice when we are sometime stuck

## Other points to remember
* A model may be look good and nice but if it can't perform in the required time it can lead to traffic congestion!
* We should compare to what is already in place.
* Important to remeber have temporal trends on model. 
* There a peaks in some moments of the day
* We will want later to refine evaluation on certain time of the day.
* Are we more effective on what time range of the day?
* We can analyse the effects of the model on different times of the day.
* KEEP TRACK OF PERFORMANCE ON Different time slots.

## TODO before next meeting: 
* have intersection selected
* more analysis on that interseciton
* more data on that interseciton
* more research papers. 
* different techniques 
* weather data
* start looking into sumo and our data

## What is our final prodcut:
* Writing research paper
* Simulations of several iterations
* End up with prototype possibly ? (We can focus on this after ending )


