Meeting March 7 2022

# Topics


## What to chat about
- Mark progress with SUMO
- Greg & Soorya struggling with River

## Linear Regression:
- Problem with models currently
- Linear regression should work	

## Meeting with Porf Branco Tmr:
- Show Graphs (Mark and Greg)
- Hrithik update on model
- Change of scope for first semester getting accurate flow
- Meeting at simulation LAB ASAP
- Flow prediction: 
	- Should we predict volume for each leg/dir for each car type for each intersection
	- Sinusidoal approach (bigger error but we can move on in project)
